---
content_id: "2PG-M01"
content_name: "Welcome and Thank You!"
inventory_parent_content_id: "2PG"
type: "VIDEO"
---

## Chunk 1: 00:00:01 - 00:04:23 | Creating Google Doc Cash Machines
**Description:** The instructor teaches students to create simple Google Doc 'cash machines' - basic sales pages that convert traffic into revenue - and explains the resale licensing terms requiring a minimum $99 price point while promising additional surprise bonuses and live training calls to enhance the value of their investment.
**Source Link:** https://big-mojo.mykajabi.com/products/2-page-google-doc-cash-machine-muscle/categories/2150760506/posts/2159596391

Hey. Hey. I wanted just to say thank you. I know we don't these long ass welcome videos, but, I sure wanted to say thank you so much for mixing Mojo with me. Regardless of what level you chose, I had a good time coming up with those, by the way. I don't know if they work for anything, but they sure were fun. But no matter what level you decide to invest in yourself and with me, I can't tell you the amount of inner peace and security I've had over the years just knowing I used to use notepad. But I could fire up a notepad, and stick that notepad or that Google document or something in front of some traffic and have it convert into sales. So part of the magic is the offer, part of it is how we do the document. But that's what I want to give to you, So if you just decided to go with the muscle car turbo Ferrari options, those are all going to be fantastic. I do want to let I've got a ton of surprise bonuses on the way. So keep your eyes open in the emails for me and also inside of the check back with your Kajabi login on there and new things will pop up. I'll try to let when those pop up. I will be doing some zoom calls. I am going to deliver on the ones that were in the Promise, but I usually do more and I'll probably be doing some critiques and stuff that. So just want to let that if you decided to invest in the Bugatti level, you're getting the grand opening of the pre opening thing here. The best thing that you can do for yourself is to run some Google Doc or a two page Google Doc cash machines for yourself, And watch some of the sales come in. That's the best thing you're going to be able to do. But I want you to feel or know that not just from my words, that what a value you guys are giving people. And when you resell this, of course you get to keep 100% of all the funds that come in. As long as you're selling it for $99 or above, we're going to be good to go. You'll get access to all of the levels. Obviously there won't be live zoom calls, but there will be the recordings in there. So you could sell it for 99, 199, 499, 999. You can bundle that in, you can package it in with stuff that you already have, as long as it's not a $7 ebook. And you gotta be packaged in 99 or above. So if you got a $25,000 mastermind, obviously you can put that inside of your mastermind. I'm totally cool with that. Or some group program. Any of those things is gonna be within that license agreement. So there's gonna be some technical stuff how we're gonna get you the access and how your people are gonna get the access and everything that I'm still working on, but I'll get that done pretty quickly. And. But again, the best thing you can do is be really familiar, not only from an intellectual standpoint on the product, but go through it yourself. And why not bring in,, 10 grand, 20 grand, 50 grand, Depending on how big your audience is on what you're doing. On those things. So, again, I just want to say thank you again, for mixing Mojo with me. I think it's super smart decision on that. Again, I don't know anything that's given me more peace, financial peace, than knowing I can go to a traffic source somewhere, whether I own it or not, and do a really simple,, Notepad or Google Doc. I still say Notepads. I did so many of them back in the day, and just start bringing in,, turning,, watching the PayPal, the Stripe or whatever merchant account that I had at the time fill up. So that's what I want to give to you. That's going to be my legacy to you, if you will. I'm looking super looking forward to mixing Mojo with you, and thank you again.
